[doc] Improve Pulsar Administration Pulsar proxy (#5236)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/administration-proxy.md

## Configure the proxy

The proxy must have some way to find the addresses of the brokers of the cluster. You can do this by either configuring the proxy to connect directly to service discovery or by specifying a broker URL in the configuration. 

### Option 1: Use service discovery

Pulsar uses [ZooKeeper](https://zookeeper.apache.org) for service discovery. To connect the proxy to ZooKeeper, specify the following in `conf/proxy.conf`.
```properties
zookeeperServers=zk-0,zk-1,zk-2
configurationStoreServers=zk-0:2184,zk-remote:2184
```

> If you use service discovery, the network ACL must allow the proxy to talk to the ZooKeeper nodes on the zookeeper client port, which is usually 2181, and on the configuration store client port, which is 2184 by default. Opening the network ACLs means that if someone compromises a proxy, they have full access to ZooKeeper. For this reason, using broker URLs to configure the proxy is more secure.

### Option 2: Use broker URLs

The more secure method of configuring the proxy is to specify a URL to connect to the brokers.

> > [Authorization](security-authorization#enable-authorization-and-assign-superusers) at the proxy requires access to ZooKeeper, so if you use this broker URLs to connect to the brokers, you should diable the Proxy level authorization. Brokers still authorize requests after the proxy forwards them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Authorization](security-authorization#enable-authorization-and-assign-superusers) at the proxy requires access to ZooKeeper, so if you use these broker URLs to connect to the brokers, you should disable the Proxy level authorization. Brokers still authorize requests after the proxy forwards them.
```
